Promscale section (#82)
timescale/docs: promscale/install-promscale.md

# Install Promscale
There are several different methods for installing Promscale. This section
describes installing from a pre-built Docker image. For alternative installation
methods, see the [Promscale GitHub repository][promscale-github].

If you have a Kubernetes cluster with Helm installed, you can use
the observability suite for Kubernetes (tobs) to install a full metric
collection and visualization solution including Prometheus, Grafana, Promscale,
and a preview version of PromLens. To learn how to do this, watch

> our [demo video][tobs demo video].

Reviewer: can we also point people to the tobs github page?

If you want to migrate data from Prometheus into Promscale, you can use
[Prom-migrator][prom-migrator-blog], an open-source, universal Prometheus data
migration tool that can move data from one remote-storage system to another.

### Procedure: Installing Promscale from a Docker image

> 1.  Download the Docker image for the Promscale Connector

Reviewer: Hmm users don't actually need to download any images, the commands below will do that automatically. This just describes which images are used by the following commands.

> from [Docker Hub][promscale-docker-hub]. For more information about this image,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from [Docker Hub][promscale-docker-hub]. To see the latest images available,
```

    --network promscale-timescaledb \
    timescaledev/promscale-extension:latest-pg12 \
    postgres -csynchronous_commit=off
    ```
1.  Run Promscale:
    ```bash
    docker run --name promscale -d -p 9201:9201 \
    --network promscale-timescaledb timescale/promscale:<version-tag> \
    -db-password=<password> -db-port=5432 -db-name=postgres \
    -db-host=timescaledb -db-ssl-mode=allow
    ```
    In this example, we use `db-ssl-mode=allow`, which is suitable for testing
    purposes. For production environments, use `db-ssl-mode=require` instead.

## Configure Prometheus for Promscale
You need to tell Prometheus to use the remote storage connector. By setting
Prometheus to `read_recent` it means that Prometheus queries data from Promscale
for all PromQL queries. You can do that by opening the `prometheus.yml`
configuration file, and adding these lines:
```yaml
remote_write:
  - url: "http://<connector-address>:9201/write"
remote_read:
  - url: "http://<connector-address>:9201/read"
    read_recent: true
```

For more information about configuring Prometheus for Promscale, see the [Promscale documentation][promscale-config-github].

## Configure the Promscale Connector

> You can configure the Promscale Connector using flags at the command prompt, environment variables, or a YAML configuration file. When processing commands, precedence is granted in this order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Promscale Connector using flags at the command prompt (as seen in the example above), environment variables, or a YAML configuration file. When processing commands, precedence is granted in this order:
```

Author: There is no guarantee that readers will be reading this section immediately after having read the previous section. I would prefer to avoid the directional language here.

### Procedure: Installing Promscale from a Docker image
1.  Download the Docker image for the Promscale Connector
from [Docker Hub][promscale-docker-hub]. For more information about this image,
see the [Promscale Releases on GitHub][promscale-releases-github].
1.  Create a network specific to Promscale-TimescaleDB:
    ```bash
    docker network create --driver bridge promscale-timescaledb
    ```
1.  Install and run TimescaleDB with the Promscale extension:
    ```bash
    docker run --name timescaledb -e \
    POSTGRES_PASSWORD=<password> -d -p 5432:5432 \
    --network promscale-timescaledb \
    timescaledev/promscale-extension:latest-pg12 \
    postgres -csynchronous_commit=off
    ```
1.  Run Promscale:
    ```bash
    docker run --name promscale -d -p 9201:9201 \
    --network promscale-timescaledb timescale/promscale:<version-tag> \
    -db-password=<password> -db-port=5432 -db-name=postgres \
    -db-host=timescaledb -db-ssl-mode=allow
    ```
    In this example, we use `db-ssl-mode=allow`, which is suitable for testing
    purposes. For production environments, use `db-ssl-mode=require` instead.

> ## Docker maintenance tasks
> Docker installations need to run a maintenance procedure regularly. This
> procedure performs necessary maintenance tasks like enforcing data retention
> policies. We recommend that you set up a cron job to run a job like this every
> thirty minutes:
> 
> ```bash
> docker exec \
>   --user postgres \
>   timescaledb \
>     psql \
>       -c "CALL execute_maintenance();"
> ```

Reviewer: This is no longer needed
```suggestion

```
